# Level 1Open: Hiya, I'm Toad the wise ol’ frog, here to help you through loan facts! Auto Loans? Yup, those help you buy new or used cars! Student Loans? Not everyone can get one — they’ve got rules, for example, you can’t get them if you are not a U.S. citizen or eligible noncitizen. Mortgage Loans? You bet they help buy houses, they will never be used to help with renting a place! Personal Loans? Oh, they can cover things like medical bills — Debt consolidation, even Vacations. And yep, Credit Cards are sneaky little loans in disguise meaning you will have to pay them back eventually! Right: *Ribbit Ribbit* Credit, debit, and prepaid cards all work in different ways but each lets you pay for things or manage your money. Wrong: Did a fly get in your eye tadpole?# Level 2 Open: Many often use different types of cards or accounts when managing their money, but they don’t all work the same way. A prepaid card doesn’t connect to your bank account like a debit card does. They also don’t earn or charge interest, but they’re still a handy option for people who want to control their spending. It only uses the money that’s been loaded onto it. Now many believe that credit cards are free unlimited money, which is not true. You have to pay it all back in a certain time frame, and they have a limit set by the bank. Credit cards also charge interest if you don’t pay off the full balance by the due date, which most make the mistake of only paying the minimum. On the other hand, a savings account usually limits how many times you can withdraw money each month, since it’s meant for saving, not everyday spending. Right: Now we are morphing into a finance guru! Wrong: Well, well, well, I’m the Caterpillar, here to graciously set you straight—whether you like it or not. The Simple Interest formula? Yeah, it’s Interest = Principal ? Rate ? Time—nothing special. Guess what? Simple interest doesn’t grow each year, it stays the same so don’t worry about that. APRs? Those numbers will tell you what you're really paying, including not just interest, but fees too, all put into a yearly percentage. Fixed-rate loans? They do keep their interest rate steady,—unlike your last relationship. But variable-rate loans? Their rates definitely change over time just like you. Got it? Now try not to mess it up again.# Level 3 Open: Look who leaped into the dark! I’m the Firefly, we’ll see if you can keep up. First off, secured loans with no collateral? Ha! Don’t make me laugh, if only that it was true. Unsecured loans? Sneaky as a dragonfly, they love to stuff higher interest rates into those loans. Are you a co-signer? Tough luck if they bail, you get stuck with the bill. Paying just the minimum each month? May as well set fire to your dollars, paying more will get rid of the interest faster. You can take out more than one loan at a time, might not be the wisest decision at times however. Don’t forget knowledge is the only way to stay out of the dark.Right: Your seeing the knowledge now!Wrong: Different types of cards and accounts have limits on how you can use your money. A credit card also has a limit, and you can’t go over it, even if you plan to pay it back early. A savings account might let you make a few withdrawals each month, but you don’t have to take money out to avoid fees. A debit card with overdraft protection might still approve a purchase even if you don’t have enough in your account. And while a prepaid card can run out of money, you can reload it and keep using it again.# Level 4	Open: When it comes to managing money, it’s important to know how different accounts and cards affect your finances. Checking accounts often require you to keep a minimum balance, or the bank might charge you a fee. Closing a credit card can lower your overall available credit, which might cause your credit score to drop. If you also want to quickly improve your credit score with credit cards, don’t just pay the minimum balance, because you’ll still be carrying debt. Debit cards are great for spending your own money, but unfortunately they won’t help build credit. Prepaid cards can be convenient, but some come with monthly or reload fees, depending on the provider.Right: I see you have been listening! Wrong: you need to think again.# Level 5Open: Each type of card or account fits everyone's different financial needs. If you want to avoid overdraft fees, a prepaid card is better than a debit card because you can only spend what’s loaded onto it. Credit cards can be really helpful for building a credit score, which shows that you’re responsible with money and can make it easier to get loans, mortgages, or rentals in the future. They can also be useful in emergencies because they let you borrow more money than you may have in your account. Many creatures use them to make big purchases and slowly pay it off, but be careful that's how credit card debt builds up! Make sure to remember the previous rules, tips, and info we talked about. Now, prepaid cards are also great for those who want to control their spending, avoid overdrafts, or use money without a bank account. Then lastly, checking accounts are best for everyday spending, while savings accounts are designed for saving money and sometimes earn interest over time.Right: Nice to see some growth in you.Wrong: And its gone!# Level 6 (Pray Mantis)Open: You know everything you need for this final level.Right: I know you got this!Wrong: You better get back to the books.